tests


###   Test Calculations


------------------------------


Several test calculations are included in order to help you verify the correct

[installation](install.html)   of your copy of the Hibridon code.


These test calculations involve:


1. Determination of coupled states partial and integral cross sections

for the collision of Ar with N 2  using the model potential of Pattengill

et al.  1


2. Determination of close-coupled  partial, differential, and integral cross sections

for the collision of Ar with N 2  using the model potential of Pattengill

et al.  1


3. Verification of proper functioning of the  [restart](restart.html)   option and code linking with  -b

[option](linking.html)   using CC and CS  partial and integral cross sections

for the collision of Ar with N 2  using the model potential of Pattengill

et al.  1


4. Determination of close-coupled   integral, differential, alignment, and steric cross sections

for the collision of Ar with NO using the CEPA potential of Alexander 2


5. Determination of  fluxes and wavefunction

for the collision of Ar with N 2  using the model potential of Pattengill

et al.  1


6. Verification of the proper functioning of the multiple-collision-energy capability using

CC calculations

for the collision of Ar with N 2  using the model potential of Pattengill

et al.  1


7. Determination of  fluxes and wavefunction

for the photodissociation of CH 3 I using the  potential of Shapiro 3  as

modified by Guo and Schatz.


8. Determination of energies for bound states of the B( 2  P )+ o -H 2  complex using the ab initio

potential of Alexander. 6


9. Determination of close-coupled integral cross sections for the collision of Ar with OH(X)

using the UMP4 potential of Klos  et al.  7


:. Determination of partial and integral cross sections for the collision of He with H 2 O using the SAPT

potential of Patkowski  et al.  8


;. Determination of partial and integral cross sections for the collision of He with CO using the SAPT

potential of Moszynski  et al.  9


<. Determination of integral hyperfine-resolved cross sections for the collision of He with CN( X ) using the ab initio

potential of Lique  et al.  10


1.	M. D. Pattengill, R. A. LaBudde, and R. B. Bernstein, J. Chem. Phys.  55 ,

5517 (1971)


2.	M. H. Alexander, J. Chem. Phys.  99 , 7725 (1993).


3.  M. Shapiro, J. Phys. Chem.  90 , 3644 (1986).


4.  H. Guo and G. C. Schatz, J. Chem. Phys.  93 , 393 (1990);


H. Guo, K. Q. Lao, G. C. Schatz, and A. D. Hammerich,  ibid.   94 , 6562 (1991).


5.	B. Follmeg, P. Rosmus, and H.-J. Werner, J. Chem. Phys.  93 , 4687 (1990).


6.	M. H. Alexander, J. Chem. Phys.  99 , 6014 (1993).


7.  J. Klos, G. Chalasinski, M. T. Berry, R. A. Kendall, R. Burcl, and M. M. Szczesniak,

J. Chem. Phys.  112 , 4952 (2000).


8.  K. Patkowski, T. Korona, R. Moszynski, B. Jeziorski, and K. Szalewicz, J. Mol. Struct.  591 ,

231 (2002).

9. R. Mozynski, ...


10.  F. Lique, A. Spielfiedel,N. Feautrier,I. F. Schneider, J. Klos,

and M, H. Alexander,J.Chem. Phys.  132 , 024303, 2010


------------------------------


These tests can be run by executing the command


bin/hibtest

Execution of this command creates a number of  files in a new directory  testnew .

When the tests are done you should compare (using the UNIX  diff  command) the following  files in the directory

testnew  with the corresponding

canonical files in the directory  tests :


1.  Cstest1.ics, Cstest1.pcs, Cstest1.psc, Cstest1.xsc


2.  Csbtest1.ics, Csbtest1.pcs, Csbtest1.psc, Csbtest1.xsc


3.  Cctest1.ics, Cctest1.pcs, Cctest1.psc, Cctest1.xsc,

Ccdxsec1.dcs,  Ccdxsec1.xsc


4.  Ccbtest1.ics, Ccbtest1.pcs, Ccbtest1.psc, Ccbtest1.xsc


5.  Ccrstest1.ics, Ccrstest1.pcs, Ccrstest1.psc, Ccrstest1.xsc


6.  Cc.flx, Cc.psi


7.  Arno_test1.ics, Arno_test1.xsc


8.  Mltien1.xxx-Mltien6.xxx , where the extension  xxx  is either  ics

or  pcs .  Also

Mltien4.xxsc  and  Mltien6.xxsc .


9.  Multien1.xxx-Multien6.xxx , where the extension  xxx  is either  ics  or  pcs .


:.  Ch3itest.flx, Ch3itest.psi


;.  Vfit_test1.ics, Vfit_test1.tcs, Vfit_test1.xsc


<.  Boh2_bound.evl


=.  Aroh_jtst1.xsc


>.  Aroh_jtst1.ics


Your output should be identical to the  files in directory  tests  to at least 7 decimal places,

except  in the cases of the  .flx  files, where there might be considerable

disagreement in the last column.  This column contains the sum of the individual

channel fluxes.  If these sums are small (  -10 ), the  differences in the

values, which may be sizeable, are only a reflection of differences in the rounding algorithms

used by different compilers.


To compare all results automatically, run the command


compare.com | more


On an Apple computer, a visual comparison can be obtained by running the command


compare_OSX.com


------------------------------


Go to:


[Examples](examples.html)   |  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
