bastp


###   Basis Subroutine

and System Specific Parameters: Collision of an Atom with

a CH 2 (X  3 B 1 ) (0,v 2 ,0) Bender Vibrational Level


------------------------------


BASISTYPE = 17


System subroutine:  sych2x


Basis subroutine:  hibach2x.f


------------------------------


The definition of the system dependent parameters is as follows:

NTERM:  the number of potential surfaces involved.  This parameter should equal the number of MU terms

in the angular expansion of the potential..  This parameter can not be changed


NUMPOT:  an index representing the particular potential used.  This variable

is passed to the POT subroutine


IPOTSY:   cylindrical symmetry of potential.  The variables (theta,phi) describing the angular expansion of the

potential should be defined with the  a  inertial axis defined as the body-frame  z  axis and, if

possible, the  xz  plane as a plane of symmetry of the molecule (in this case, POTSY = 2).

If the  [flag](flags.html)    [IHOMO](ihomo.html)   = .true.,

only terms with LAMBDA + MU equal to an integer multiple of IPOTSY

can be included in the potential.  Example:  for H 2 O,

IPOTSY = 2


IOP:       ortho/para  label for molecular states of the asymmetric top. If  [IHOMO](ihomo.html)

=.true.

then

if IOP = 1: only  para  states included in channel expansion


if IOP = −1: only  ortho  states included in channel expansion


IVBEND:    the v 2  bending vibrational quantum number [0

JMAX:    the maximum rotational angular momentum included in the channel expansion


EMAX:    the maximum energy of a state to be included in the rotational state basis


------------------------------


The CH 2 (X  3 B 1 ) molecule has a low barrier to linearity, and its rotational energies are not at all well described by the standard rotational energy formulas.  Bunker and Jensen have developed a Morse oscillator-rotating bender internal dynamics Hamiltonian (MORBID) to compute the rovibrational energies in this electronic state [see P. Jensen and P. R. Bunker, J. Chem. Phys.  89 , 1327 (1988); P. R. Bunker, P. Jensen, W. P. Kraemer, and R. Beardworth, J. Chem. Phys.  85 , 3724 (1986)].  Rather than compute the rotational energies in a given vibrational level, here we look up the energies in a table provided by Jensen [P. Jensen, private communication (2010)].


The CH 2 ( 3 B 1 ) state is well described by Hund's case (b) coupling, in which the electron spin [ S =1] is weakly coupled to the molecular frame.  As a result, the rotational rotational angular momentum  n  is coupled to the electron to yield states of total angular momentum  j  =  n  − 1,  n ,  n  + 1 [if  n   = 1].  This subroutine sets up a calculation of spin-free cross sections, for transitions between states of differing  n .


Because of the large effective  A  rotational constant in the bender levels, the rotational wave functions are well approximated by symmetric top wave functions.  The latter can be expressed in a symmetrized basis as


[S. Green, J. Chem. Phys.  64 , 3463 (1976)]


|  n k m s    = [2(1+ δ   k 0 )] −1/2  [ |  n k m    +  s  |  n −k m   ]


where  s  is the symmetry index (+1 or −1).

By setting   [BASTST](bastst.html)  =.TRUE. , you can output the values

of  n,  s , the values of the asymmetric top prolate and oblate projection quantum numbers [ k p

and  k o  ], and the internal energies.


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
