bastp


###   Basis Subroutine

and System Specific Parameters: Collision of an Atom with

a Symmetric Top, with No Inversion Doubling


------------------------------


BASISTYPE = 18


System subroutine:  systp1


Basis subroutine:  hibastp1.f


Ref.  S. Green, J. Chem. Phys.  64 , 3463 (1976); M. H. Alexander, J. Chem. Phys.  77 , 1855 (1982).


------------------------------


The definition of the system dependent parameters is as follows:

NTERM (the number of potential surfaces involved:  this should be 1

in this case).  This parameter can not be changed


NUMPOT:  an index representing the particular potential used.  This variable

is passed to the POT subroutine


IPOTSY:   cylindrical symmetry of potential.  If the  [flag](flags.html)    [IHOMO](ihomo.html)   = .true.,

only

terms with  mu  equal to an integer multiple

of IPOTSY

can be included in the potential.  Example:  for CH 3 ,

IPOTSY = 3


IOP:       ortho/para  label for molecular states of symmetric top. If  [IHOMO](ihomo.html)

=.true.

then

if IOP = 1: only  para  states included in channel expansion


if IOP = -1: only  ortho  states included in channel expansion


JMAX:    the maximum rotational angular momentum included in the channel expansion


EMAX:    the maximum energy of a state to be included in the rotational state basis


The definition of the real system dependent parameters is as follows:


BROT, CROT:    rotational constants of symmetric top, so that

E(jk)  = BROT  j  ( j  + 1) + (CROT - BROT)  k  2


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
