nerg


###   Parameter NERG


------------------------------


NERG is the number of total energies at which the calculation is to

be performed.  Both the log-derivative and AIRY propagation are

significantly faster for the second and subsequent energies.  Thus if cross

sections are desired over a range of energies, it is advantageous to set

NERG   1.


The maximum value of NERG is controlled by a PARAMETER statement in the

subroutine LOGAIR (himain.f)

and can not exceed 25 (because of restrictions imposed by the length of

the names of the logical units reserved for storing the partial and

integral cross sections and selected  S -matrix elements).  If NERG 1, then

three scratch files (units 10-12) are opened to store the required energy

independent matrices as well as the channel quantum numbers.


The value of NERG can be changed with the command


NERG={newvalue}


If  {newvalue}  is larger than the value of NERG currently stored, then you

will be warned to increase accordingly the array of energies at which the

calculations are to be performed.  This can be done with the command


ENERG={energy1},{energy2}...{energyn}\


where  n  is the new value of NERG.  The string of input values  must  be

terminated with a backslash if other input occurs on the same line.


Alternatively, you can specify a grid of collision energies b the command


ENERG = {negative number},{energy1},{energ2},{nerg}


where


-  energy1 :  The initial energy


-  energy2 :  The final energy


-  nerg :  The number of energies (less than or equal to 25)


The spacing for the grid of energies is determined as


delta_e=(energ2-energ1)/nerg


This spacing is then rounded to the nearest 0.01 cm -1 , so that the final energy

becomes


e_final=e_initial + (nerg-1)*delta_e


which may not be exactly equal to the final energy which you initially specified.


------------------------------


In all cases, the energy values are reordered in decreasing order, starting with the

highest value.


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
