prxsec


###   Flags PRXSEC and WRXSEC


------------------------------


If PRXSEC = .TRUE., then integral cross sections will be printed out at

the end of the regular output file.  Integral cross sections are obtained by

summing over all partial cross sections with


[JTOT1](jtot1.html)   ¾   J tot   ¾

[JTOT2](jtot1.html)


inclusive.  If  [JTOTD](jtot1.html)     1, a trapezoidal interpolation scheme is used to

approximate this sum.  The columns of the printed matrix of integral cross

sections correspond to the initial state and the rows, to the final state.


In the case of  [CS](coupledstates.html)   calculations the integral cross sections represent a

sum over all the values of the  [CS](coupledstates.html)   projection index

nu  lying between  [NUMIN](numin.html)   and

[NUMAX](numin.html)  , inclusive.  Only transitions into and/or out of rotational levels

with  J  .le.  [NUMAX](numin.html)   will be converged.

In general, cross sections for only

these transitions are printed.  However, setting IPRINT = 2 forces printing

of all the cross sections, even those which are not converged with respect

to the sum over the projection index  nu .


In the case of  [CC](closecoupled)   calculations, to obtain integral cross sections summed

over both values of the parity index  [JLPAR](jlpar.html)  , set JLPAR = 0.


------------------------------


The printing of integral cross sections to a separate file is controlled

by the flag WRXSEC, as follows:


If WRXSEC = .TRUE., then integral cross sections will be printed out to a

separate file  {jobname}n.ics  where  n  designates the cardinal value of the energy,

e.g.  for the first energy the integral cross sections will be in the file

{jobname}1.ics , etc.  Integral cross sections are computed exactly as described earlier

on this page.


The contents of the file  {jobname}n.ics  can be examined or printed using the

command  [PRINTC](printc.html)  .


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
