bastp


###   Basis Subroutine

and System Specific Parameters: Collision of an Atom with

an Asymmetric Top


------------------------------


BASISTYPE = 16


System subroutine:  syatp


Basis subroutine:  hibaastp.f


Ref.  B. J. Garrison  et al. , J. Chem. Phys.  65 , 2193 (1976); S. Green, J. Chem. Phys.  64 , 3463 (1976);  67 , 816 (1979).


------------------------------


The definition of the system dependent parameters is as follows:

NTERM:  the number of potential surfaces involved.  This parameter should equal the number of MU terms

in the angular expansion of the potential..  This parameter can not be changed


NUMPOT:  an index representing the particular potential used.  This variable

is passed to the POT subroutine


IPOTSY:   cylindrical symmetry of potential.  The variables (theta,phi) describing the angular expansion of the

potential should be defined with the  a  inertial axis defined as the body-frame  z  axis and, if

possible, the  xz  plane as a plane of symmetry of the molecule (in this case, POTSY = 2).

If the  [flag](flags.html)    [IHOMO](ihomo.html)   = .true.,

only terms with LAMBDA + MU equal to an integer multiple of IPOTSY

can be included in the potential.  Example:  for H 2 O,

IPOTSY = 2


IOP:       ortho/para  label for molecular states of the asymmetric top. If  [IHOMO](ihomo.html)

=.true.

then

if IOP = 1: only  para  states included in channel expansion


if IOP = −1: only  ortho  states included in channel expansion


JMAX:    the maximum rotational angular momentum included in the channel expansion


EMAX:    the maximum energy of a state to be included in the rotational state basis


The definition of the real system dependent parameters is as follows:


AROT, BROT, CROT:    rotational constants of the asymmetric top


------------------------------


The rotational eigenfunctions of an asymmetric top are expanded in a symmetrized symmetric top

basis  as

[S. Green, J. Chem. Phys.  64 , 3463 (1976)]


|  j k m s    = [2(1+ δ   k 0 )] −1/2  [ |  j k m    +  s  |  j −k m   ]


where  s  is the symmetry index (+1 or −1).  In this basis, the asymmetric top hamiltonian block diagonalizes

into 4 groups:  (1)  k  even,  s  = +1, (2)  k  even,  s  = −1,

(3)  k  odd,  s  = +1, and (4)  k  odd,  s  = −1.


The expansion coefficients are stored in the array c as:


c ( k =0),  c ( k =2), ...  c ( k = j ), for even  k


c ( k =1),  c ( k =3), ...  c ( k = j ), for odd  k


By setting   [BASTST](bastst.html)  =.TRUE. , you can output the values

of  j,  s , the values of the prolate and oblate projection quantum numbers [ k p

and  k o  ], and the internal energies, as well as the expansion coefficients.


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
