bastp


###   Basis Subroutine

and System Specific Parameters: Collision of an Atom with

a Symmetric Top


------------------------------


BASISTYPE = 6


System subroutine:  systp


Basis subroutine:  hibastp.f


Ref.  S. Green, J. Chem. Phys.  64 , 3463 (1976);  67 , 816 (1979).


------------------------------


The definition of the system dependent parameters is as follows:

NTERM (the number of potential surfaces involved:  this should be 1

in this case).  This parameter can not be changed


NUMPOT:  an index representing the particular potential used.  This variable

is passed to the POT subroutine


IPOTSY:   cylindrical symmetry of potential.  If the  [flag](flags.html)    [IHOMO](ihomo.html)   = .true.,

only

terms with  mu  equal to an integer multiple

of IPOTSY

can be included in the potential.  Example:  for NH 3 ,

IPOTSY = 3


IOP:       ortho/para  label for molecular states of symmetric top. If  [IHOMO](ihomo.html)

=.true.

then

if IOP = 1: only  para  states included in channel expansion


if IOP = -1: only  ortho  states included in channel expansion


NINV:     number of inversion doublets included


if NINV = +1, only + inversion levels included


if NINV = -1, only - inversion levels included


if NINV = 2, both inversion levels included


KMAX:     the maximum projection quantum number included


JMAX0:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 0 stack


JMAX1:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 1 stack


JMAX2:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 2 stack


JMAX3:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 3 stack


JMAX4:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 4 stack


JMAX5:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 5 stack


JMAX6:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 6 stack


JMAX7:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 7 stack


JMAX8:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 8 stack


JMAX9:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 9 stack


JMAX10:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 10 stack


JMAX11:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 11 stack


The definition of the real system dependent parameters is as follows:


BROT, CROT:    rotational constants of symmetric top, so that

E(jk)  = BROT  j  ( j  + 1) + (CROT - BROT)  k  2


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
