bastpln


###   Basis Subroutine

and System Specific Parameters: Collision of

a Symmetric Top with a Linear Molecule in a  1 Σ State


------------------------------


BASISTYPE = 9


System subroutine:  systpln


Basis subroutine:  hibastpln.f


A Symmetric top and a Linear Molecule in  a  1 &Sigma

State
Ref.  C. Rist, M. H. Alexander, and

P. Valiron, J. Chem. Phys.  98 , 4662 (1993).


------------------------------


The definition of the system dependent parameters is as follows:

NTERM (the number of potential surfaces involved:  this should be 2

in this case).  This parameter can not be changed


NUMPOT:  an index representing the particular potential used.  This variable

is passed to the POT subroutine


IPOTSY:   cylindrical symmetry of potential.  If the  [flag](flags.html)    [IHOMO](ihomo.html)   = .true.,

only

terms with  mu  1  equal to an integer multiple

of IPOTSY

can be included in the potential.  Example:  for NH 3 ,

IPOTSY = 3


IOP:       ortho/para  label for molecular states of symmetric top. If  [IHOMO](ihomo.html)

=.true.

then

if IOP = 1: only  para  states included in channel expansion


if IOP = -1: only  ortho  states included in channel expansion


NINV:     number of inversion doublets included


if NINV = +1, only + inversion levels included


if NINV = -1, only - inversion levels included


if NINV = 2, both inversion levels included


KMAX:     the maximum projection quantum number included


JMAX0:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 0 stack


JMAX1:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 1 stack


JMAX2:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 2 stack


JMAX3:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 3 stack


JMAX4:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 4 stack


JMAX5:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 5 stack


JMAX6:    the maximum rotational angular momenta for the k = 6 stack


IPOTSY2:  symmetry of potential. if the linear molecule is homonuclear

then IPOTSY = 2 and only terms with  lambda  2  even can be

included in the potential, else IPOTSY = 1


J2MAX:    the maximum rotational angular momentum for the linear

molecule


J2MIN:    the minimum rotational angular momentum for the linear

molecule


The definition of the real system dependent parameters is as follows:


BROT, CROT:    rotational constants of symmetric top


DROT:    rotational constant of diatomic molecule


E(jkj  2 ) = BROT  j  ( j  + 1) +

(CROT - BROT)  k  2  + DROT  j  2  ( j  2  + 1)


------------------------------


[](hibhelp.html) [](up_arrow.gif)  Return to  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
