tenxsc


###   Command TRNPRT


------------------------------


The command TRNPRT allows you to calculate the effective cross sections Q ( n  ( E ), required for the calculation of transport properties.  See G. C. Maitland, M. Mustafa, W. A. Wakeham, and F. R. W. McCourt, Mol. Phys. 61, 359 (1987); L. Monchick and S. Green, J. Chem. Phys. 63, 2000 (1975); G. A. Parker and R. T Pack, J. Chem. Phys. 68, 1585 (1978).


The command line is


TRNPRT,JOB,IENERG,IN1,IN2,JTOTMX,JMIN,JMAX


where the input parameters are:


JOB,IENERG    The program searches for an S-matrix in the file


Job{ienerg}.smt , where IENERG is an integer


(IENERG = 1, 2, ... etc.)


- The default values of JOB is  JOB  and of INERG is 1


IN1,IN2        The initial and final values of the additional index


JTOTMX         The maximum value included in the summation over total


angular momentum (upper case  J  in Eqs. 30 and 31 of the


above article)


JMIN,JMAX     Tensor cross sections are computed for all values of the


molecular rotational quantum number (lower case  j i   and


j f


in Eqs. 30 and 31 of the above article) ranging from JMIN


to JMAX.


To determine the close-coupled  S -matrix elements required by the command TRNPRT, you


must carry out a prior calculation with


The flag   [WRSMAT](prsmat.html)   = .true.


JMIN ... JMAX  included in the array  [JOUT](jout.html)


IN1  and  IN2  included in the array  [INDOUT](indout.html)


The effective cross sections are written in the terminal output and in the file  {JOB}{IENERG}.trn .


------------------------------


Go to:


[Commands](commands.html)   |  [An example of the TENXSC command](tenxsc.ex.html)   |  [Examples](examples.html)   |  [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
