bound


###   Flag BOUNDC


------------------------------


The Hibridon  TM   code can determine energies and eigenvectors of

weakly-bound states as well as scattering and photodissociation cross sections.

This involves only a slight change in the  [methodology](boundstates.html)  .


To determine bound-state energies, set


BOUNDC = .TRUE.


This will invoke a variational calculation of all bound-state levels using the distributed

Gaussian method of I. P. Hamilton and J. C. Light [J. Chem. Phys.  84 , 306 (1986)].

The  R -dependence of the wavefunction will be expanded in a set of Gaussian functions


χ  m (R) =exp[–α( R–R m  ) 2 ]


This set of functions is defined by several of the Hibridon input  [parameters](params.html)  , as follows:


R1 :   smallest value of  R m


R2 :  largest value of  R m


SPAC :  spacing between successive values of  R m


C :  parameter which determines the exponential scale factor of the distributed

Gaussian functions, with &alpha =(c/spac) 2  .


EIGMIN :  lower limit on the minimum allowed eigenvalue of the overlap matrix.  If the minimum eigenvalue

is less than this value, the parameter  C  should be increased.


DELR, HSIMP :  The matrix elements of  W(R)  are evaluated by a Simpson's rule

integration extending from  R1–DELR  to  R2+DELR  in steps of  HSIMP .


Reasonable starting values for these parameters are (see the file  [bound_parameters](bound_parameters.html)   for a detailed discussion of setting these parameters):


SPAC:  0.4


C:  0.5


EIGMIN:  1.e-6


DELR:  1


DR:  0.1


If the flag CSFLAG is .TRUE., then a bound-state calculation will be carried out

within the centrifugal decoupling approximation including only channels for which

the projection of the total angular momentum along  R  is equal to


[NUMIN](numin.html)   , (if   [FLAGHF](flaghf.html)   = .FALSE. )


[NUMIN](numin.html)  +0.5 , (if   [FLAGHF](flaghf.html)   = .TRUE. )


------------------------------


If  BOUNDC = .FALSE.  (the default), then a scattering or photodissociation

calculation is performed


------------------------------


Go to:


[Flags](flags.html)   |  [Bound states](boundstates.html)   |  [Setting parameters for bound-state calculation](bound_parameters.html)   |  [A sample bound state calculation |](bound.ex.html) [Hibridon Help](hibhelp.html)
